well it's the first day of worlds groups
I'm joined right now by PO Beltre with
coverage presented by mobile lytx po
Beltre you guys had such a great start
to that game and then unfortunately lost
he talked me a little bit and take me
through the breakdown of what went down
well we had a good early game and then
you know we got some kills and we push
bot turrets off to top lane and then we
were at TP disadvantage so we were like
kind of thinking of how to deal with
that in the end I think we played too
afraid like all of us and then so that
should have been the game that should
have been the part where we like press
our advantage but instead they took top
turret really easily like that's
something we should be able to hold and
then so yeah it's just like we would
make good place but we were also making
mistakes as well like we were getting
caught out at some points I was playing
too afraid at some points as well and
then yeah fuck it just I feel like we
could have won the game or at least been
in like a very favorable position if we
had this part around fertile Drake where
we caught them out and then we went five
people to Drake and and you know we knew
the whole time they're probably gonna
try baron guys they're gonna try baron
and then we just didn't it was a fucking
stupid mistake there's no like
sugarcoating it and then they just got
baron and then yeah we just didn't
expect their brands for you to be so
fast
in retrospect obviously kind of a
bonehead mistake usually that situation
is fine to bait them into starting the
baron if my royalty is up but I'd use it
in the fight before to try and clean up
the ad but I got like Chris all teed out
I think or I just didn't take it and
then just didn't factor that into us
grouping around dragon so that's nothing
about baron from that point we just got
steamrolled because our flashes were
down and they had Jarvan so they could
they could they just essentially the
group is five and it just halted us and
we just died and they ended yeah I
wanted to ask you about the Jarvan
situation and specifically about Draft
and in retrospect how do you feel about
the draft that you guys had I know
oftentimes that Tristana is like an
interesting pick and response to Jarvan
its kind of what do you think the draft
was really favorable I think we were in
a good position and like when rice
starts to get three four core items he
becomes insanely strong and then no one
can
with his foot push and then so like I
was reverting on that point that was
when we gave up the Baron and then they
just were able to close out really
easily so yeah I mean it wasn't really a
draft problem just we fucked up what do
you think of your guys's group and
everything cuz this is obviously the
first day I've had a chance to talk to
you guys since groups were drawn and
we've started to see how things go what
do you think of the group we have to be
really careful of every team when I
group because I feel like we can beat
any team and any team can beat us so it
just comes down to who's gonna play
better on that day and so yeah I mean we
just have to be receptive play well
that's it I saw I did see some of the NA
teams around before the event started in
the last couple days and I feel like
I've just seen like these very somber
quiet looks on everybody's faces maybe
I'm just catching you guys at tired
times but it has made me nervous I'm
kind of cursed I don't know if how much
you're talking to the other teams but
how is North America as a whole feeling
about its chances at Worlds this year I
haven't really been talking with players
from other teams they're like oh how do
you think you guys are gonna do in your
group or anything I think just everyone
is just being really serious and
buckling up like the only communication
I've been having with Jensen Newberg's
and it's like oh what do you think about
this matchup that kind of stuff yeah and
how do you feel about the worlds meta
right now because I was talking to
gorilla who was complaining about the
ardent thing though he did say he feels
like that might give TSM their best
chance at winning so what what do you
think of the Worlds matter that we have
well from from like a player's
perspective playing in it it's really
kind of lame because yeah I mean support
picks are like if you if you want to
break the heart and censor meta and then
just pick like Alistar Thresh or
something you have to snowball so
incredibly hard and just play so
immaculee that generally it's not worth
it like unless you just execute it super
well so pretty much everyone is playing
the shielding supports and it just feels
really bad sometimes like if their ad
carry gets too strong even if you have
the perfect engage on him they're gonna
pop he'll they're gonna
barrier Janet's gonna use e pop
redemption and lock it and ulti at the
same time so even if like you literally
just like somehow ended up all 5 on the
ad carry he's still gonna survive and
just kill everyone with Arden sensor
both so as a player it doesn't feel well
I guess that's a mid-laner because our
team can do that too right as a mid
laner it feels like I have less impact
over the game because it's very revolved
around bought but also at the same time
I can like you know win lane and then
gang fought and then snowball the game
that way from a viewer perspective it
also probably kind of isn't that fun
watching teams just rice it out for like
30 minutes and you're like or you know
it really it's it's like the biggest
advantage you can get early game is like
you get art and sensor one base faster
than enemy support and then you take
turret you take drag and you swap top
and you take top turret yeah and then
the enemy support will finally get art
in a sensor at that point and then it's
like all right it's time to start the
game
great last question and I know this is
less worlds related but you were one of
the few people I saw speak out against
our seemingly against the best of 1 best
of 3 change and I'm curious you know
first off your opinion on it and also do
you feel like na has a better chance
this year at Worlds because they've
played best of threes because that's the
biggest thing I hear about is like
international competition and best of
threes help and all that kind of stuff
so kind of bringing it all in together
here at the end yeah absolutely I think
it's important to have that kind of
experience
just like adapting in a series and of
course you can do that in playoffs and
in scrims but playing on stage is a very
different experience because that's like
the real deal you know like no matter
how much you practice what's on stage is
going to be different you know like the
reason riot made the choice was they
figured it wouldn't be like too bad I
think and then at the same time I think
they find it necessary for like
viewership and like interesting link
because like I can see it too you know
like if you look on Twitch
I'll see us will get like 100 something
thousand viewers before it would easily
break 200 you know I it was a long time
ago so I don't remember but I remember
when I was on CLG and we were playing
faster ones is the viewership was much
higher and you know they've they've done
a lot of research and stuff to make the
decision that they've made but I was
just speaking from like
my perspective as a player who's become
really accustomed to playing best of
threes you know I they feel really
fulfilling when you win and like it
feels like to go back to best of ones
like it's gonna be like okay well we won
the hit but doesn't have the same like
sense of accomplishment yeah absolutely
well at the very end here is there
anything that you would like to say to
any of the NA fans yeah I mean we're out
here in Wuhan China and we've all been
practicing really really hard to try and
make all the NA fans proud and just do
our best for us as well so we hope you
guys keep supporting us thank you
very good pobelter thank you so much for
the interview and for everyone else you
can check out the rest of our coverage
of all things worlds right here on my
youtube channel hey there I hope you
enjoyed the interview thanks so much for
supporting at my world's coverage and if
you'd like to support me even more
please check out mobile dicks my sponsor
they are all about helping you figure
out your strengths and weaknesses so
that you can get better at your game if
you'd like to go check them out at
mobile xgg / Travis thanks so much